Add GA requirements doc (#734)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: docs/ga-requirements.md

P0 (e.g. cannot GA without these):
* End-to-end tests
  * OTLP, Jaeger and Zipkin

>   * Tomcat, Wildfly, Spring Boot

Reviewer: This list seems sort of arbitrary. Is it P0 to test 3 servlet implementations? My suggestion based on back-of-hand estimation of popularity nowadays is one servlet, spring-boot, and grpc, while others could be P1 or P2

Reviewer 2: Spring Boot certainly covers Tomcat or Jetty, which is all the same. Wildfly is useful, because JBoss is tricky classloader-wise. It uses its own module system and is very sensitive to logging infra problems.

I think current smoke tests selection, Boot, Wildfly and Play, is quite good and propose to continue with that

Author: Wildfly is problematic for us, because of both jboss modules (class loading) and jboss logging (we need avoid touching java.util.logging before it loads).

I think our normal instrumentation tests cover Tomcat, Spring Boot and gRPC decently, so I would be good with pushing them to lower priority.

```suggestion
  * Wildfly, due to common regressions around jboss modules (class loading) and jboss logging (we need avoid touching java.util.logging before it loads)
```

  * All Java LTS versions + latest Java version if non-LTS
* Benchmarking

>   * Startup overhead benchmark

Reviewer: This feels lower than P0, maybe P2.

Reviewer 2: Not sure. P1 - can agree, P2 - probably not.

Author: kept this at P0 for now (well, now P0 is P1) since the next priority level is all about "contributor experience", but agree this is flexible

>   * All Java LTS versions + latest Java version if non-LTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Java 8, 11, and the latest Java version
```

I want to be optimistic we GA before Java 17 :)

  * Runtime overhead benchmark
  * Startup overhead benchmark

> * Implement all required semantic attributes

Reviewer 2: There is this idea: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/653#issuecomment-662156100

* Basic configuration points
  * Add custom auto-instrumentation
  * Ability to build "custom distro"
* Documentation (tag "documentation" minus tag "contributor experience")
  * All configuration options
    * Standard OpenTelemetry SDK + Exporter configuration options
    * Auto-instrumentation configuration options (e.g. disable/enable, peer.service mapping)
  * For each instrumentation

>     * Document all spans that it captures

Reviewer: I don't think I've ever seen such detailed documentation per-instrumentation in other tracing libraries. More docs is always better than less, but I don't think it's P0, maybe P2, and it needs to come with the commitment that we will keep the docs up to date.

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately must agree with Anuraag.

    * Document any instrumentation-specific configuration
  * Document the basic configuration points (above)
    * How to write your own auto-instrumentation
      * (much of this can be shared with contributor documentation below)
    * How to build your own "custom distro"
  * How to troubleshoot (start documenting common issues somewhere)

> * Library (manual) instrumentations for libraries commonly used with Spring

Reviewer 2: I am not sure this is hard requirement for GA

Author: I'd like to have some kind of hard requirement for manual instrumentation, in order to show our commitment to supporting both auto and manual instrumentation.

Reviewer: Not sure if it matters much, but FWIW, the work for extracting manual instrumentation for okhttp and grpc seems very small compared to Spring which is a lot of new instrumentation, though @mabdinur is doing a great job tackling it :)

      * (much of this can be shared with contributor documentation below)
    * How to build your own "custom distro"
  * How to troubleshoot (start documenting common issues somewhere)

> * Library (manual) instrumentations corresponding to at least 20 auto-instrumentations, with shared code and tests

Reviewer: I consider Brave to have very high instrumentation coverage, and it's a total of 25 (including some that are multi-version)
https://github.com/openzipkin/brave/tree/master/instrumentation

20 feels very high for a P0, my suggestion would be making this more use-case oriented.

    Libraries commonly used on Android
    Libraries commonly used with spring-boot

for example.

> * Library (manual) instrumentations for libraries commonly used with Android

Reviewer 2: I am not sure this is hard requirement for GA

P2:
* Contributor experience (tag "contributor experience" plus tag "cleanup" plus tag "sporadic test failure")
  * New contributor documentation

>     * How to write new instrumentation (auto, library, tests)

Reviewer 2: But P1 already has "How to write your own auto-instrumentation". And I think that without these documentation here nobody will be able to "Add custom auto-instrumentation". But putting all "New contributor documentation" in P1 seems like too aggressive to me :(
